hello everyone got another knee box here
today we're gonna take a look at what Oh
No
yeah yes we're not gonna do any box then
but no actually we are going to go ahead
and review the game though
but yeah I do not have any box anymore I
did not know it but yeah they stopped
shipping to me because my subscription
just ran out and yeah but they didn't
it's not my fault okay it's totally like
almost not my fault because I wasn't
paying attention but in in in my defense
I didn't get an email or anything or
like any alerts saying that oh hey you
know your last any boxes here don't
forget renew your your billing info and
all that sort stuff so yeah I didn't do
that and I didn't know that it still had
my old billing info and so therefore the
payment didn't go through or anything
and therefore I am totally out of any
box I am NOT getting it anymore I can
give you the best quality content that
brought us hand of fate such an
incredible box that oh go make sure to
check that review it was such a
beautiful box such a great game I cannot
recommend the service enough now I'm
King but I sorta don't mind it it's kind
of weird I don't really mind not getting
any box I have not really lost sleep
over it or anything I am actually kind
of happy that I don't have to review it
now and I did have fun with it but I
don't really stand by the service right
now and as you guys even know from the
last episode I even told you guys I was
like we're gonna have to really rethink
indie box because I don't think that it
is providing the service that we were
used to the service that I was paying
happily for and yeah so I dunno what
this month's box was or I shouldn't say
this month we're always late the last
the month after and if a key
I dunno what that one was it was the
Stanley parable and I was actually
looking forward to that box because I
love that game it is such an important
game in the indie gaming scene and so
thankfully I do have it already I
actually have it thanks to this holy new
box content because they fan donated it
to me over a year ago and so yeah let me
tell you a little bit about that game
let's get this out of the way yeah so
the Stanley parable
I was even wondering how do I review
this thing because it's a very important
game I want to get around to it and I I
just don't know how to go about
reviewing it because I don't want to
give you guys too much
it's the game is probably the closest
thing I could think of in the indie
indie scene to a rite of passage
just like for I guess PlayStation owners
says it's not on the indie gaming market
for PC or anything for PlayStation
owners I would say that journey is a
rite of passage you guys have to play
journey if you haven't it is such an
amazing game it will actually like
change the way that you look at games
same thing with the Stanley parable it's
not really a game it's more of an
experience there there are very few game
elements to it but it works together so
well it is still a game but just enough
it is just barely a game just enough to
qualify as it and it is a walking
simulator right now it is a walking sim
and that I agree with you if that turns
you off it turns me off too I usually
walk away I walk away from walking Sims
that's the game that I play and it is
walking some that's not a terrible thing
I mean after all even PT PT is basically
a walking sim and so there are some good
ones out there and the Stanley parable
is among their ranks and it is just such
a fascinating game I don't want to I
don't want to give away too much but I
guess maybe it's also pretty sentimental
to me because it revolves around this
guy named Stanley who works like in an
office I found it really easy to connect
with this character and his circumstance
and everything I'm just working in this
boring office and then finally things
start to get interesting and probably
the best way that I could describe the
game is it's almost like the it's almost
like the movie stranger than fiction how
it has like the narrator that like talks
to the character and alters what the
character does and you know adapts to
what the character is doing it's kind of
like that but made into a game and with
British humor I forgot to silence my
phone I'm an idiot but that's probably
why we don't have the Sydney box either
I'm actually glad that we don't though
because I saw a list of the contents and
everything a friend of mine already
spoiled it in fact the friend that
donated it to me he's the one spoiled it
for me and the contents are terrible the
contents there are another fucking
mousepad indie box what are you doing
why are you giving out
paths I guess it's sort of makes sense
with the Stanley parable because of the
office office job satire and you know I
guess you would have a mousepad in that
office but who the hell wants a mousepad
in an indie box I don't get it but yeah
so the contents are just terrible
they're just as terrible as hand of fate
but one of the contents in there was a
freaking business card why would I ever
want a business card in fact you know
what there is one in debauch swear I
have the business card that is for
lovely planet I have the business card
there but do you know why it's because
it's very sentimental to me it's because
I met the creator of that game I met vid
that over add us PAC south and when I
met him he gave me his business card and
that is probably one of most sentimental
things I included in the Box now I put
it in my in my indie box lovely planet
box and but that makes sense it doesn't
really count as like an extra really a
business card it I don't know what
they're doing over there
but anyways so yeah um back to the game
though you know what yeah I need to get
back to the game the game is just
amazing I highly recommend it in in the
whole in all the indie games I've played
it's probably somewhere in the top ten
it has to be because like I said it's
it's such an important game in showing
what the indie gaming scene is doing and
how it's different from consoles pc
triple-a all that sort stuff the absence
of the game it's highly recommended by
me I don't want to give away too much
its it'll leave you laughing I there
were so many times when I was just just
leaning back in my chair laughing at
what was happening it pokes fun at what
a game is and what you're doing in it
it's amazing I can't think of anything
else that does the same thing but it's
highly recommended by me I cannot
recommend this game enough please pick
it up please at least play the demo and
you're gonna see it's gonna click with
you you're gonna be like I get this game
yeah so that's the review of Stanley
parable but let's talk about the indie
box service though alright guys so indie
box content is not gonna be a part of
this channel anymore I wish we could
have had a better ending to this I wish
we could have really gone out with a
bang and you know that's something
special this really crept up on me I
didn't expect it until I didn't get the
box that I figure it out and yeah so
we're not gonna be doing any more
but it might return in some form but
that depends on you guys I'll get into
that in a second but if I can make this
kind like an exit interview type thing
for any box I guess what I could say is
I don't recommend the service right now
right now I don't think it's providing
what we wanted to provide and I'm kind
of happy that guy into any box like
right at the point where it was like
does she have some really good content
like right there between risk a risk of
rain and you know what probably the last
good box was probably dust or moon
hunters moon hunters just as I like that
game so much but like between those time
periods guys like the prime of Indy box
where they were giving out you know
boxes with really cool content them and
so I'm really happy that I was able to
get in on that but I just don't think
that the service is providing that that
same level of content that's the same
level of quality
I mean Stanley parable was bad and then
also hand of fate was terrible is
probably the worst box that they've ever
made
and yeah so it kind of sucks that we're
gonna be leaving that content but again
like I said before I have not lost sleep
over it I'm like whatever I'm glad that
I'm not you know giving my hard-earned
money to you know that company now and I
still agree with the ethos behind in the
Box I still think there should be an
option for us to buy even PC games
physically and in a fiscal format I
think that we should be doing that
especially with the indie games and
everything with so many of them they
just disappear or who knows where
they're gonna be in 20 30 50 years so
yeah I do agree with the wholly new box
the idea but I can't support the service
because it's not matching the quality
that we were used to or that we were
promised and I dunno I do know that
they're working on other stuff like for
instance they're gonna be selling some
stuff at Gamestop like physical copies
of like guacamelee and different games
like that they're gonna be selling like
steel books of those but the weird thing
is that it's gonna be PC versions of it
which I guess I don't really have a
problem with but I wish that they were
like console versions you know I wish I
could get a fiscal console version for
ps4 of guacamelee or something yeah so
they're still doing that kind of stuff
but I just can't support the indie box
service if I could give any advice I
would say don't subscribe to it but just
wait and see what
boxes gonna get I mean I'm pretty sure
you could subscribe to our newsletter
though they keep spamming me to this day
I mean I'm not even subscriber anymore
and they keep spamming me on their email
but they will go ahead and spoil the
whole box and all the contents and
everything which i think is a really
dumb business move but they'll go ahead
and do that and then guess what when you
find out what the contents are go ahead
and or the ones that you want because
the way that the service used to work I
used to go ahead and excuse the bad
boxes because I was like you know what
they can't all be they can't all be
perfect you know we're gonna have some
duds here and there there's gonna be
some they're a rush there's anybody some
that are like this course where they
just don't have a lot of cool stuff in
them or hand of fate well kind of phase
its own thing because that was basically
them jumping the shark but there's gonna
be some duds along the way they can't
all be great and great and but I thought
that the whole price in itself when you
look at it you know from a bird's eye
view it was still a good value for the
good boxes that you got but right now I
think the good boxes are too far and few
between to justify the service so
therefore I would say just wait because
otherwise it'll be in a subscription
where you know you sign up for six
months and for those months or absolute
shit so maybe all six months will be bad
if they're as bad as hand of fate so
yeah I don't recommend service but the
content the whole indie gaming content
though I did like those reviews like I
said before it has exposed me to games
that I otherwise wouldn't it played so
that was probably the best thing about
indie box that like for instance even
something like the Stanley parable I'd
it not been for that fan that went ahead
and sent it to me I would have never
played it but if I had continued with
the service I would have played Stanley
parable and been blown away by it and
anyways that fan by the way he has his
own channel
I've been pressuring him to try to make
his own content because he was always a
fan of my content I was like dude you
can make content too anyways he's in the
Netherlands and I'm gonna go him give
him a plug because he really is the
unsung hero of any box indie box was
never supposed to be a long-term thing
for Mike my channel in fact I was just
gonna wait for the subscription to run
out of then stop doing it but he was the
one that was always like I I like seeing
what you know his fish ah water take is
on these indie games and I guess there
is something interesting to that and
yeah so he was always the unseen
and behind any box date he always
encouraged me and keep going and I'm
really happy that I got to play Stanley
parable because of that and we've been
friends ever since we talked for hours
almost every weekend and yeah but you
know what let me give a plug to his
channel because like I said he his work
has been invaluable he actually has some
good work on his channel too he's
improving pretty well and I know you
guys are gonna see him and like he's all
PC master-race but I assure you I assure
you he is not in the Hitler Youth okay
do not go to his channel and type in the
comments are you a part of the Hitler
Youth are you a member of the Hitler
Youth I've already checked he's not okay
I cannot guarantee you read my lips I
cannot guarantee you that I will give
you a steam key for a random game if you
go to his channel and be the first one
to ask are you in the Hitler Youth okay
don't do it please and by the way he was
the first one to find out that we are
going to stop the new box of content and
of course I told him in advance but yeah
even he didn't care I mean even he being
one of the biggest fans of that content
on my channel he was just like oh yeah
you know I I don't blame you on me
because the boxes are shit right now so
why do you want to keep paying for that
service you know it's not cheap the
prices keep going up so why do you want
to do that but yeah so that sucks that
we're gonna be stopping in indie box
content but the indie gaming content
that stuff is probably still gonna be
here I hope I don't know that'll depend
on you guys because I'm gonna go ahead
and ask you and see what you guys want
to see next because I still want to have
some sort of indie gaming review segment
on my channel but I don't really know
how to do it so tell you what I'm gonna
do I'm gonna make another video which is
gonna be published tomorrow so go ahead
look out for tomorrow and I want you
guys to tell me we're gonna have like a
little roundtable discussion then you
guys can tell me what you liked in the
indie box content I know that the new
box content it didn't have as much of a
following as the other stuff on my
channel in fact I was one of the weird
things that they only got like what
about three or four hundred you know
views every for every episode but it did
have its own little following of sorts
so it'll be a time for you guys to tell
me what you wanted in indie box and then
I'll try to make content that still has
that so look out for that video tomorrow
and I will go ahead and post it so that
way we could all find out what you guys
want to see next
you guys don't want to see it at all
maybe you just want me to focus on the
other stuff and you're like whatever any
box that stuff sucks so I mean let go I
don't know you guys tell me but I will
post that tomorrow and then we'll all
talk okay
catch you later guys I'll see you next
time